Linting and various cleaning (#33)
datajoint/element-miniscope: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

> This project follows the [DataJoint Contribution
> Guidelines](https://docs.datajoint.io/python/community/02-Contribute.html). Please
> reference the link for more full details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project follows the [DataJoint Contribution
Guidelines](https://datajoint.com/docs/community/contribute/). Please
reference the link for more full details.
```
